{\rtf \tx624 \li624 \fi-624 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa240 1. \tab N. Moreno, E. Quiroz, R. B. Tesh, P. H. Peralta, A Human Case of Encephalitis Associated with Vesicular Stomatitis Virus (Indiana Serotype) Infection. {\i{}The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}39}, 312\uc0\u8211{}314 (1988).
\
2. \tab S. P. Morzunov, {\i{}et al.}, A newly recognized virus associated with a fatal case of hantavirus pulmonary syndrome in Louisiana. {\i{}Journal of virology} {\b{}69}, 1980\uc0\u8211{}1983 (1995).
\
3. \tab R. Kaiser, A prospective study of 656 patients. 12.
\
4. \tab D. M. Pfukenyi, D. Pawandiwa, P. V. Makaya, U. Ushewokunze-Obatolu, A retrospective study of rabies in humans in Zimbabwe, between 1992 and 2003. {\i{}Acta Tropica} {\b{}102}, 190\uc0\u8211{}196 (2007).
\
5. \tab J. K. Fieldhouse, X. Wang, K. A. Mallinson, R. W. Tsao, G. C. Gray, A systematic review of evidence that enteroviruses may be zoonotic. {\i{}Emerging Microbes & Infections} {\b{}7}, 1\uc0\u8211{}09 (2018).
\
6. \tab M. O. Nanyingi, {\i{}et al.}, A systematic review of Rift Valley Fever epidemiology 1931\uc0\u8211{}2014. {\i{}Infection Ecology & Epidemiology} {\b{}5}, 28024 (2015).
\
7. \tab E. M. Beer, V. B. Rao, A systematic review of the epidemiology of human monkeypox outbreaks and implications for outbreak strategy. {\i{}PLoS Negl Trop Dis} {\b{}13}, e0007791 (2019).
\
8. \tab M. E. Nickol, J. Kindrachuk, A year of terror and a century of reflection: perspectives on the great influenza pandemic of 1918\uc0\u8211{}1919. {\i{}BMC Infect Dis} {\b{}19}, 117 (2019).
\
9. \tab J. R. Jepsen, {\i{}et al.}, Aleutian Mink Disease Virus and Humans. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}15}, 2040\uc0\u8211{}2042 (2009).
\
10. \tab J. R. Jepsen, {\i{}et al.}, Aleutian Mink Disease Virus and Humans. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}15}, 2040\uc0\u8211{}2042 (2009).
\
11. \tab G. Browning, J. A. Brody, An Epidemic of St. Louis Encephalitis in Cameron County, Texas, in 1957. {\i{}The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}9}, 436\uc0\u8211{}443 (1960).
\
12. \tab R. Sang, {\i{}et al.}, An Investigation of a Major Outbreak of Rift Valley Fever in Kenya: 2006\uc0\u8211{}2007. {\i{}The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}83}, 05\uc0\u8211{}13 (2010).
\
13. \tab Z. Lovri\uc0\u263{}, {\i{}et al.}, An outbreak of haemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome linked with mountain recreational activities in Zagreb, Croatia, 2017. {\i{}Epidemiol. Infect.} {\b{}146}, 1236\uc0\u8211{}1239 (2018).
\
14. \tab N. Villabruna, M. P. G. Koopmans, M. de Graaf, Animals as Reservoir for Human Norovirus. {\i{}Viruses} {\b{}11}, 478 (2019).
\
15. \tab M. Giangaspero, {\i{}et al.}, Anti-Bovine Viral Diarrhoea Virus Antibodies in Adult Zambian Patients Infected with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus. {\i{}Int J STD AIDS} {\b{}4}, 300\uc0\u8211{}302 (1993).
\
16. \tab A. J. Georges, {\i{}et al.}, Antibodies to Lassa and lassa-like viruses in man and mammals in the Central African Republic. {\i{}Transactions of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}79}, 78\uc0\u8211{}79 (1985).
\
17. \tab L. K. Borkenhagen, J. K. Fieldhouse, D. Seto, G. C. Gray, Are adenoviruses zoonotic? A systematic review of the evidence. {\i{}Emerging Microbes & Infections} {\b{}8}, 1679\uc0\u8211{}1687 (2019).
\
18. \tab R. Carrasco-Hernandez, R. J\uc0\u225{}come, Y. L\uc0\u243{}pez Vidal, S. Ponce de Le\uc0\u243{}n, Are RNA Viruses Candidate Agents for the Next Global Pandemic? A Review. {\i{}ILAR Journal} {\b{}58}, 343\uc0\u8211{}358 (2017).
\
19. \tab J. R. Francis, {\i{}et al.}, Australian Bat Lyssavirus in a Child: The First Reported Case. {\i{}PEDIATRICS} {\b{}133}, e1063\uc0\u8211{}e1067 (2014).
\
20. \tab C. Swanink, {\i{}et al.}, Autochthonous Human Case of Seoul Virus Infection, the Netherlands. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}24}, 2158\uc0\u8211{}2163 (2018).
\
21. \tab S. Sulkin, K. Burns, D. Shelton, C. Wallis, Bat salivary gland virus: infections of man and monkey. {\i{}Tex Rep Biol Med} {\b{}20}, 113\uc0\u8211{}27 (1962).
\
22. \tab N. Torrez-Martinez, Bayou Virus-Associated Hantavirus Pulmonary Syndrome in Eastern Texas: Identification of the Rice Rat, Oryzomys palustris, as Reservoir Host. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}4}, 105\uc0\u8211{}111 (1998).
\
23. \tab K. P. Alekseev, {\i{}et al.}, Bovine-Like Coronaviruses Isolated from Four Species of Captive Wild Ruminants Are Homologous to Bovine Coronaviruses, Based on Complete Genomic Sequences. {\i{}J Virol} {\b{}82}, 12422\uc0\u8211{}12431 (2008).
\
24. \tab G. C. Buehring, H. M. Sans, Breast Cancer Gone Viral? Review of Possible Role of Bovine Leukemia Virus in Breast Cancer, and Related Opportunities for Cancer Prevention. {\i{}IJERPH} {\b{}17}, 209 (2019).
\
25. \tab R. F. Khabbaz, {\i{}et al.}, Brief report: infection of a laboratory worker with simian immunodeficiency virus. {\i{}N Engl J Med} {\b{}330}, 172\uc0\u8211{}177 (1994).
\
26. \tab M. C. N. Costa, {\i{}et al.}, Case Fatality Rate Related to Microcephaly Congenital Zika Syndrome and Associated Factors: A Nationwide Retrospective Study in Brazil \uc0\u8224{}. {\i{}Viruses} {\b{}12}, 1228 (2020).
\
27. ,\tab  Cause and Frequency of Herpes B Virus Infections| CDC (2021) (July 2, 2021).
\
28. \tab H.-Y. Tian, {\i{}et al.}, Changes in Rodent Abundance and Weather Conditions Potentially Drive Hemorrhagic Fever with Renal Syndrome Outbreaks in Xi\uc0\u8217{}an, China, 2005\uc0\u8211{}2012. {\i{}PLoS Negl Trop Dis} {\b{}9}, e0003530 (2015).
\
29. \tab S. Delgado, {\i{}et al.}, Chapare Virus, a Newly Discovered Arenavirus Isolated from a Fatal Hemorrhagic Fever Case in Bolivia. {\i{}PLoS Pathog} {\b{}4}, e1000047 (2008).
\
30. \tab T. Whistler, R. Swanepoel, B. J. Erasmus, Characterization of Palyam serogroup orbiviruses isolated in South Africa and serologic evidence for their widespread distribution in the country. {\i{}Epidemiol. Infect.} {\b{}102}, 317\uc0\u8211{}324 (1989).
\
31. \tab G.-J. J. Chang, G. Kuno, CHARACTERIZATION OF SEPIK AND ENTEBBE BAT VIRUSES CLOSELY RELATED TO YELLOW FEVER VIRUS. {\i{}The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}75}, 1165\uc0\u8211{}1170 (2006).
\
32. \tab P. F. C. Vasconcelos\uc0\u8217{}, N. D\uc0\u233{}gallier, F. P. Pinheiro\uc0\u8217{}, Clinicai and ecoepidemiological situation of human arboviruses in Brazilian Amaz\uc0\u243{}nia. {\b{}44}, 8 (1992).
\
33. \tab I. Christova, {\i{}et al.}, Clinical aspects of hantavirus infections in Bulgaria. {\i{}Wien Klin Wochenschr} {\b{}129}, 572\uc0\u8211{}578 (2017).
\
34. \tab J. P. Escalera-Antezana, {\i{}et al.}, Clinical features of fatal cases of Chapare virus hemorrhagic fever originating from rural La Paz, Bolivia, 2019: A cluster analysis. {\i{}Travel Medicine and Infectious Disease} {\b{}36}, 101589 (2020).
\
35. \tab H. Harvala, {\i{}et al.}, Co-circulation of enteroviruses between apes and humans. {\i{}Journal of General Virology} {\b{}95}, 403\uc0\u8211{}407 (2014).
\
36. \tab H. C. Goodpasture, Colorado Tick Fever: Clinical, Epidemiologic, and Laboratory Aspects of 228 Cases in Colorado in 1973-1974. {\i{}Ann Intern Med} {\b{}88}, 303 (1978).
\
37. \tab X. Zhang, {\i{}et al.}, Comparison of Hantaan and Seoul viral infections among patients with hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome (HFRS) in Heilongjiang, China. {\i{}Scandinavian Journal of Infectious Diseases} {\b{}43}, 632\uc0\u8211{}641 (2011).
\
38. \tab A. Mouinga-Ondeme, {\i{}et al.}, Cross-Species Transmission of Simian Foamy Virus to Humans in Rural Gabon, Central Africa. {\i{}Journal of Virology} {\b{}86}, 1255\uc0\u8211{}1260 (2012).
\
39. \tab WHO, Cumulative number of confirmed human cases for avian influenza A(H5N1) reported to WHO, 2003-2020 (2020).
\
40. \tab WHO, Dengue Situation Update Number 584. Update on the Dengue situation in the Western Pacific Region (2019).
\
41. \tab S. R. Welch, {\i{}et al.}, Development of a reverse genetics system for Sosuga virus allows rapid screening of antiviral compounds. {\i{}PLoS Negl Trop Dis} {\b{}12}, e0006326 (2018).
\
42. \tab A. Papa, Dobrava-Belgrade virus: Phylogeny, epidemiology, disease. {\i{}Antiviral Research} {\b{}95}, 104\uc0\u8211{}117 (2012).
\
43. \tab A. Papa, Dobrava-Belgrade virus: Phylogeny, epidemiology, disease. {\i{}Antiviral Research} {\b{}95}, 104\uc0\u8211{}117 (2012).
\
44. \tab C. B. Nelson, K. Schrall, W. E. Park, R. J. Lindeman, Due to Newcastle Disease Virus (NDV). {\b{}42}, 7.
\
45. \tab NEHA, Eastern Equine Encephalitis or Triple E (2021).
\
46. \tab N. P. Lindsey, J. E. Staples, M. Fischer, Eastern Equine Encephalitis Virus in the United States, 2003\uc0\u8211{}2016. {\i{}The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}98}, 1472\uc0\u8211{}1477 (2018).
\
47. \tab H. Zheng, {\i{}et al.}, Emergence of a novel and highly divergent HTLV-3 in a primate hunter in Cameroon. {\i{}Virology} {\b{}401}, 137\uc0\u8211{}145 (2010).
\
48. \tab N. Sklenovsk\uc0\u225{}, M. Van Ranst, Emergence of Monkeypox as the Most Important Orthopoxvirus Infection in Humans. {\i{}Front. Public Health} {\b{}6}, 241 (2018).
\
49. \tab E. M. Maloney, {\i{}et al.}, Endemic Human T Cell Lymphotropic Virus Type II Infection among Isolated Brazilian Amerindians. {\i{}The Journal of Infectious Diseases} {\b{}166}, 100\uc0\u8211{}107 (1992).
\
50. \tab P. V. Aguilar, {\i{}et al.}, Endemic Venezuelan equine encephalitis in the Americas: hidden under the dengue umbrella. {\i{}Future Virology} {\b{}6}, 721\uc0\u8211{}740 (2011).
\
51. \tab K. H. Lim, EPIDEMIC CONJUNCTIVITIS: DISCOVERY OF A NEW AETIOLOGIC AGENT. 4.
\
52. \tab D. J. Greenway, {\i{}et al.}, Epidemic Hemorrhagic Fever in Argentina. {\i{}Public Health Reports (1896-1970)} {\b{}74}, 1011 (1959).
\
53. \tab B. N. Archer, {\i{}et al.}, Epidemiologic Investigations into Outbreaks of Rift Valley Fever in Humans, South Africa, 2008\uc0\u8211{}2011. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}19} (2013).
\
54. \tab D. O. Alonso, {\i{}et al.}, Epidemiological description, case\uc0\u8208{}fatality rate, and trends of Hantavirus Pulmonary Syndrome: 9 years of surveillance in Argentina. {\i{}J Med Virol} {\b{}91}, 1173\uc0\u8211{}1181 (2019).
\
55. \tab T. D. Y. Chin, C. R. Heimlich, R. F. White, D. M. Mason, M. E. Furcolow, Epidemiological Features. {\i{}Public Health Reports (1896-1970)} {\b{}72}, 512 (1957).
\
56. \tab P. J. Meehan, {\i{}et al.}, Epidemiological features of and public health response to a St. Louis encephalitis epidemic in Florida, 1990\uc0\u8211{}1. {\i{}Epidemiol. Infect.} {\b{}125}, 181\uc0\u8211{}188 (2000).
\
57. \tab Markus Brummer-Korvenkontio, Olli V, Epidemiological Study of Nephropathia epidemica in Finland 1989-96. {\i{}Scandinavian Journal of Infectious Diseases} {\b{}31}, 427\uc0\u8211{}435 (1999).
\
58. \tab F.-M. Bertram, P. N. Thompson, M. Venter, Epidemiology and Clinical Presentation of West Nile Virus Infection in Horses in South Africa, 2016\uc0\u8211{}2017. {\i{}Pathogens} {\b{}10}, 20 (2020).
\
59. \tab M. Patterson, A. Grant, S. Paessler, Epidemiology and pathogenesis of Bolivian hemorrhagic fever. {\i{}Current Opinion in Virology} {\b{}5}, 82\uc0\u8211{}90 (2014).
\
60. \tab A. Kanayama, {\i{}et al.}, Epidemiology of domestically acquired hepatitis E virus infection in Japan: assessment of the nationally reported surveillance data, 2007\uc0\u8211{}2013. {\i{}Journal of Medical Microbiology} {\b{}64}, 752\uc0\u8211{}758 (2015).
\
61. \tab S.-H. Lee, B.-H. Chung, W.-C. Lee, I.-S. Choi, Epidemiology of Hemorrhagic Fever with Renal Syndrome in Korea, 2001-2010. {\i{}J Korean Med Sci} {\b{}28}, 1552 (2013).
\
62. \tab D. L. Noah, {\i{}et al.}, Epidemiology of Human Rabies in the United States, 1980 to 1996. 9.
\
63. \tab T. M. Quan, T. T. N. Thao, N. M. Duy, T. M. Nhat, H. Clapham, Estimates of the global burden of Japanese encephalitis and the impact of vaccination from 2000-2015. {\i{}eLife} {\b{}9}, e51027 (2020).
\
64. \tab A. R. Fooks, S. M. Brookes, N. Johnson, L. M. McELHINNEY, A. M. Hutson, European bat lyssaviruses: an emerging zoonosis. {\i{}Epidemiol. Infect.} {\b{}131}, 1029\uc0\u8211{}1039 (2003).
\
65. \tab R. L. Warkel, {\i{}et al.}, Fatal acute meningoencephalitis due to lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus. {\i{}NEUROLOGIE} {\b{}23}, 198\uc0\u8211{}203 (1973).
\
66. \tab P. P. van Thiel, {\i{}et al.}, Fatal case of human rabies (Duvenhage virus) from a bat in Kenya: the Netherlands, December 2007. {\i{}Eurosurveillance} {\b{}13}, 1\uc0\u8211{}2 (2008).
\
67. ,\tab  Fatal case of human rabies (Duvenhage virus) from a bat in Kenya: the Netherlands, December 2007.
\
68. \tab E. M. Einterz, {\i{}et al.}, Fever in Africa: do patients know when they are hot? 2.
\
69. \tab D. W. G. Brown, Foot and mouth disease in human beings. {\i{}The Lancet} {\b{}357} (2001).
\
70. \tab M. Faye, {\i{}et al.}, Full-Genome Characterization and Genetic Evolution of West African Isolates of Bagaza Virus. {\i{}Viruses} {\b{}10}, 193 (2018).
\
71. \tab S. P. Silva, {\i{}et al.}, Genetic and biological characterization of selected Changuinola viruses (Reoviridae, Orbivirus) from Brazil. {\i{}Journal of General Virology} {\b{}95}, 2251\uc0\u8211{}2259 (2014).
\
72. \tab V. P. Bondre, {\i{}et al.}, Genetic characterization of Bagaza virus (BAGV) isolated in India and evidence of anti-BAGV antibodies in sera collected from encephalitis patients. {\i{}Journal of General Virology} {\b{}90}, 2644\uc0\u8211{}2649 (2009).
\
73. \tab M. Dilcher, {\i{}et al.}, Genetic characterization of Tribe\uc0\u269{} virus and Kemerovo virus, two tick-transmitted human-pathogenic Orbiviruses. {\i{}Virology} {\b{}423}, 68\uc0\u8211{}76 (2012).
\
74. \tab B. S. Bhargavi, A. Moa, Global outbreaks of zika infection by epidemic observatory (EpiWATCH), 2016-2019. 11.
\
75. \tab J. Hofmann, {\i{}et al.}, Hantavirus disease in Germany due to infection with Dobrava-Belgrade virus genotype Kurkino. {\i{}Clinical Microbiology and Infection} {\b{}20}, O648\uc0\u8211{}O655 (2014).
\
76. \tab Z. Bi, P. B. H. Formenty, C. E. Roth, Hantavirus Infection: a review and global update. {\i{}J Infect Dev Ctries} {\b{}2}, 003\uc0\u8211{}023 (2008).
\
77. \tab A. Vaheri, {\i{}et al.}, Hantavirus infections in Europe and their impact on public health: Hantavirus infections in Europe. {\i{}Rev. Med. Virol.} {\b{}23}, 35\uc0\u8211{}49 (2013).
\
78. \tab R. Riquelme, {\i{}et al.}, Hantavirus Pulmonary Syndrome , Southern Chile, 1995\uc0\u8211{}2012. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}21} (2015).
\
79. \tab A. S. Khan, {\i{}et al.}, Hantavirus pulmonary syndrome in Florida: Association with the newly identified Black Creek Canal virus. {\i{}The American Journal of Medicine} {\b{}100}, 46\uc0\u8211{}48 (1996).
\
80. \tab C. Ma, {\i{}et al.}, Hantaviruses in rodents and humans, Xi\uc0\u8217{}an, PR China. {\i{}Journal of General Virology} {\b{}93}, 2227\uc0\u8211{}2236 (2012).
\
81. \tab T. Av\uc0\u353{}i\uc0\u269{}\uc0\u8208{}Zupanc, {\i{}et al.}, Hemorrhagic Fever with Renal Syndrome in the Dolenjska Region of Slovenia\uc0\u8211{} A 10\uc0\u8208{}Year Survey. {\i{}CLIN INFECT DIS} {\b{}28}, 860\uc0\u8211{}865 (1999).
\
82. \tab C. Iehl\uc0\u233{}, {\i{}et al.}, Henipavirus and Tioman Virus Antibodies in Pteropodid Bats, Madagascar. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}13}, 159\uc0\u8211{}161 (2007).
\
83. \tab A. G. Wedum, History & Epidemiology of Laboratory-Acquired Infections (in Relation to the Cancer Research Program). {\i{}Journal of the American Biological Safety Association} {\b{}2}, 12\uc0\u8211{}29 (1997).
\
84. \tab D. Baxby, M. Bennett, B. Getty, Human cowpox 1969\uc0\u8211{}93: a review based on 54 cases. {\i{}Br J Dermatol} {\b{}131}, 598\uc0\u8211{}607 (1994).
\
85. \tab Z. Jezek, {\i{}et al.}, Human tanapox in Zaire: clinical and epidemiological observations on cases confirmed by laboratory studies. 8.
\
86. \tab A. K. Ventura, E. E. Buff, N. J. Ehrenkranz, Human Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis Virus Infection in Florida. {\i{}The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}23}, 507\uc0\u8211{}512 (1974).
\
87. \tab A. Markotic, Human-to-human transmission of hantaviruses. {\i{}The Lancet} {\b{}350}, 596 (1997).
\
88. \tab T. J. Treangen, G. Schoeler, A. M. Phillippy, N. H. Bergman, M. J. Turell, Identification and Genomic Analysis of a Novel Group C Orthobunyavirus Isolated from a Mosquito Captured near Iquitos, Peru. {\i{}PLoS Negl Trop Dis} {\b{}10}, e0004440 (2016).
\
89. \tab B. W. Johnson, {\i{}et al.}, Ilheus Virus Isolate from a Human, Ecuador. {\i{}Emerg Infect Dis} {\b{}13}, 956\uc0\u8211{}958 (2007).
\
90. \tab F. J. Burt, D. C. Spencer, P. A. Leman, B. Patterson, R. Swanepoel, Investigation of tick-borne viruses as pathogens of humans in South Africa and evidence of Dugbe virus infection in a patient with prolonged thrombocytopenia. {\i{}Epidemiol. Infect.} {\b{}116}, 353\uc0\u8211{}361 (1996).
\
91. \tab R. Tesh, S. Saidi, E. Javadian, P. Loh, A. Nadim, Isfahan virus, a new vesiculovirus infecting humans, gerbils, and sandflies in Iran. {\i{}Am J Trop Med Hyg} {\b{}26}, 299\uc0\u8211{}306 (1977).
\
92. \tab L. Spence, C. R. Anderson, W. G. Downs, Isolation of Ilh\uc0\u233{}us virus from human beings in Trinidad, West Indies. {\i{}Transactions of the Royal Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}56}, 504\uc0\u8211{}509 (1962).
\
93. \tab E. PRIAS-LANDrNEZ, C. Bernal-Cubides, A. Morales-Alarcon, ISOLATION OF ILHEUS VIRUS FROM MAX IN COLOMBIA. 3.
\
94. \tab M. Kalunda, {\i{}et al.}, KASOKERO VIRUS: A NEW HUMAN PATHOGEN FROM BATS. 6.
\
95. \tab M. R. Holbrook, Kyasanur forest disease. {\i{}Antiviral Research} {\b{}96}, 353\uc0\u8211{}362 (2012).
\
96. \tab C. Reusken, {\i{}et al.}, Lack of Evidence for Zoonotic Transmission of Schmallenberg Virus. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}18} (2012).
\
97. \tab C. L. Jeffries, {\i{}et al.}, Louping ill virus: an endemic tick-borne disease of Great Britain. {\i{}Journal of General Virology} {\b{}95}, 1005\uc0\u8211{}1014 (2014).
\
98. \tab M. Garc\uc0\u237{}a, {\i{}et al.}, Madariaga Virus Infection Associated with a Case of Acute Disseminated Encephalomyelitis. {\i{}The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}92}, 1130\uc0\u8211{}1132 (2015).
\
99. \tab M. Garc\uc0\u237{}a, {\i{}et al.}, Madariaga Virus Infection Associated with a Case of Acute Disseminated Encephalomyelitis. {\i{}The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}92}, 1130\uc0\u8211{}1132 (2015).
\
100. \tab R. D. de Vries, {\i{}et al.}, Measles Vaccination of Nonhuman Primates Provides Partial Protection against Infection with Canine Distemper Virus. {\i{}Journal of Virology} {\b{}88}, 4423\uc0\u8211{}4433 (2014).
\
101. \tab A. J. L. A. da Cunha, M. C. de Magalh\uc0\u227{}es-Barbosa, F. Lima-Setta, R. de A. Medronho, A. Prata-Barbosa, Microcephaly Case Fatality Rate Associated with Zika Virus Infection in Brazil: Current Estimates. {\i{}Pediatric Infectious Disease Journal} {\b{}36}, 528\uc0\u8211{}530 (2017).
\
102. \tab R. Nomland, MILKERS\uc0\u8217{} NODULES: Report of Ten Cases. {\i{}AMA Arch Derm Syphilol} {\b{}65}, 663 (1952).
\
103. \tab R. L. Kriel, J. D. Poland, MISSOURI, DURING 1966. 6 (1966).
\
104. \tab R. L. Zarnke, T. M. Yuill, MODOC-LIKE VIRUS ISOLATED FROM WILD DEER MICE (PEROMYSCUS MANICULATUS) IN ALBERTA. {\i{}Journal of Wildlife Diseases} {\b{}21}, 94\uc0\u8211{}99 (1985).
\
105. \tab R. L. Zarnke, T. M. Yuill, MODOC-LIKE VIRUS ISOLATED FROM WILD DEER MICE (PEROMYSCUS MANICULATUS) IN ALBERTA. {\i{}Journal of Wildlife Diseases} {\b{}21}, 94\uc0\u8211{}99 (1985).
\
106. \tab M. Faber, {\i{}et al.}, Molecular and epidemiological characteristics of human Puumala and Dobrava-Belgrade hantavirus infections, Germany, 2001 to 2017. {\i{}Eurosurveillance} {\b{}24} (2019).
\
107. \tab Y. Liang, S. Lan, H. Ly, Molecular Determinants of Pichinde Virus Infection of Guinea Pigs-a Small Animal Model System for Arenaviral Hemorrhagic Fevers. {\i{}Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences} {\b{}1171}, E65\uc0\u8211{}E74 (2009).
\
108. \tab N. F. Santana-Clavijo, {\i{}et al.}, Molecular diversity of Alphacoronavirus 1 in dogs and cats in Colombia. {\i{}Heliyon} {\b{}6}, e04381 (2020).
\
109. \tab S. G\uc0\u252{}nther, {\i{}et al.}, Mopeia Virus\uc0\u8211{}related Arenavirus in Natal Multimammate Mice {\i{},} Morogoro, Tanzania. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}15}, 2008\uc0\u8211{}2012 (2009).
\
110. \tab M. Hjertqvist, S. L. Klein, C. Ahlm, J. Klingstr\uc0\u246{}m, Mortality Rate Patterns for Hemorrhagic Fever with Renal Syndrome Caused by Puumala Virus. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}16}, 1584\uc0\u8211{}1586 (2010).
\
111. \tab L. Braack, A. P. Gouveia de Almeida, A. J. Cornel, R. Swanepoel, C. de Jager, Mosquito-borne arboviruses of African origin: review of key viruses and vectors. {\i{}Parasites Vectors} {\b{}11}, 29 (2018).
\
112. \tab R. Feng, {\i{}et al.}, National serosurvey of encephalomyocarditis virus in healthy people and pigs in China. {\i{}Arch Virol} {\b{}160}, 2957\uc0\u8211{}2964 (2015).
\
113. \tab N. Gyawali, {\i{}et al.}, Neglected Australian Arboviruses Associated With Undifferentiated Febrile Illnesses. {\i{}Front. Microbiol.} {\b{}10}, 2818 (2019).
\
114. \tab Aditi, M. Shariff, Nipah virus infection: A review. {\i{}Epidemiol. Infect.} {\b{}147}, e95 (2019).
\
115. \tab F.-T. Wu, {\i{}et al.}, Novel G9 rotavirus strains co-circulate in children and pigs, Taiwan. {\i{}Sci Rep} {\b{}7}, 40731 (2017).
\
116. \tab D. R\uc0\u367{}\uc0\u382{}ek, V. V. Yakimenko, L. S. Karan, S. E. Tkachev, Omsk haemorrhagic fever. {\i{}The Lancet} {\b{}376}, 2104\uc0\u8211{}2113 (2010).
\
117. \tab M. Littlejohn, S. Locarnini, L. Yuen, Origins and Evolution of Hepatitis B Virus and Hepatitis D Virus. {\i{}Cold Spring Harb Perspect Med} {\b{}6}, a021360 (2016).
\
118. \tab M. I. Nelson, M. Worobey, Origins of the 1918 Pandemic: Revisiting the Swine \uc0\u8220{}Mixing Vessel\uc0\u8221{} Hypothesis. {\i{}American Journal of Epidemiology} {\b{}187}, 2498\uc0\u8211{}2502 (2018).
\
119. \tab J. P. Escalera-Antezana, {\i{}et al.}, Orthohantavirus pulmonary syndrome in Santa Cruz and Tarija, Bolivia, 2018. {\i{}International Journal of Infectious Diseases} {\b{}90}, 145\uc0\u8211{}150 (2020).
\
120. \tab B. Hjelle, G. E. Glass, Outbreak of Hantavirus Infection in the Four Corners Region of the United States in the Wake of the 1997\uc0\u8211{}1998 El Ni\uc0\u241{}o\uc0\u8211{}Southern Oscillation. {\i{}J INFECT DIS} {\b{}181}, 1569\uc0\u8211{}1573 (2000).
\
121. \tab L. Pettersson, J. Boman, P. Juto, M. Evander, C. Ahlm, Outbreak of Puumala Virus Infection, Sweden. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}14}, 808\uc0\u8211{}810 (2008).
\
122. \tab J. F. Day, P {\scaps REDICTING} S {\scaps T} . L {\scaps OUIS} E {\scaps NCEPHALITIS} V {\scaps IRUS} E {\scaps PIDEMICS}\uc0\u8239{}: Lessons from Recent, and Not So Recent, Outbreaks. {\i{}Annu. Rev. Entomol.} {\b{}46}, 111\uc0\u8211{}138 (2001).
\
123. \tab H. Trapido, C. Sanmart\uc0\u237{}n, Pichind\uc0\u233{} Virus: A New Virus of the Tacaribe Group from Colombia*. {\i{}The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}20}, 631\uc0\u8211{}641 (1971).
\
124. \tab D. Lv, Possible Kokobera Encephalitis and Myelitis: A Case Report. 1.
\
125. \tab C. Teng, {\i{}et al.}, Possible Transmission of Irkut Virus from Dogs to Humans. {\i{}Biomed Environ Sci}, 3.
\
126. \tab S. S. Fatmi, R. Zehra, D. O. Carpenter, Powassan Virus\uc0\u8212{}A New Reemerging Tick-Borne Disease. {\i{}Front. Public Health} {\b{}5}, 342 (2017).
\
127. \tab G. Kriegsh\uc0\u228{}user, {\i{}et al.}, Prevalence of neutralizing antibodies to Equine rhinitis A and B virus in horses and man. {\i{}Veterinary Microbiology} {\b{}106}, 293\uc0\u8211{}296 (2005).
\
128. \tab T. Shi, X. Feng, Z. Jie, Progress and current status of influenza researches in China. {\i{}Journal of Translational Internal Medicine} {\b{}7}, 53\uc0\u8211{}58 (2019).
\
129. \tab A.-M. Connolly-Anderson, K. Ahlm, J. Klingstrom, Puumala virus infections associated with cardiovascular causes of death. {\i{}Emerging Infectious Diseases} {\b{}19} (2013).
\
130. \tab M. J. Warrell, D. A. Warrell, \uc0\u8220{}Rabies and Rabies-Related Viruses\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Infectious Diseases}, (Elsevier, 2017), pp. 1458-1464.e1.
\
131. \tab A. Diaz, L. L. Coffey, N. Burkett-Cadena, J. F. Day, Reemergence of St. Louis Encephalitis Virus in the Americas. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}24} (2018).
\
132. \tab T. A. Madani, {\i{}et al.}, Rift Valley Fever Epidemic in Saudi Arabia: Epidemiological, Clinical, and Laboratory Characteristics. {\i{}Clinical Infectious Diseases} {\b{}37}, 1084\uc0\u8211{}1092 (2003).
\
133. \tab R. Carvalho de Oliveira, {\i{}et al.}, Rio Mamore Virus and Hantavirus Pulmonary Syndrome, Brazil. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}20}, 1568\uc0\u8211{}1570 (2014).
\
134. \tab F. de Mello Malta, {\i{}et al.}, Sabi\uc0\u225{} Virus\uc0\u8211{}Like Mammarenavirus in Patient with Fatal Hemorrhagic Fever, Brazil, 2020. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}26}, 1332\uc0\u8211{}1334 (2020).
\
135. \tab F. de Mello Malta, {\i{}et al.}, Sabi\uc0\u225{} Virus\uc0\u8211{}Like Mammarenavirus in Patient with Fatal Hemorrhagic Fever, Brazil, 2020. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}26}, 1332\uc0\u8211{}1334 (2020).
\
136. \tab A. Roess, {\i{}et al.}, Sealpox Virus in Marine Mammal Rehabilitation Facilities, North America, 2007\uc0\u8211{}2009. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}17} (2011).
\
137. \tab K. C. Yaiw, {\i{}et al.}, Serological Evidence of Possible Human Infection with {\i{}Tioman virus,} a Newly Described Paramyxovirus of Bat Origin. {\i{}J INFECT DIS} {\b{}196}, 884\uc0\u8211{}886 (2007).
\
138. \tab C. D. Gamage, {\i{}et al.}, Serological Evidence of Thailand Virus-Related Hantavirus Infection among Suspected Leptospirosis Patients in Kandy, Sri Lanka. 5.
\
139. \tab S. Calattini, {\i{}et al.}, Simian Foamy Virus Transmission from Apes to Humans, Rural Cameroon. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}13}, 1314\uc0\u8211{}1320 (2007).
\
140. \tab D. Kumar Pant, T. Tenzin, R. Chand, B. Kumar Sharma, P. Raj Bist, Spatio-temporal epidemiology of Japanese encephalitis in Nepal, 2007-2015. {\i{}PLoS ONE} {\b{}12}, e0180591 (2017).
\
141. \tab L. V. Simon, E. L. Kong, C. Graham, \uc0\u8220{}St. Louis Encephalitis\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}StatPearls}, (StatPearls Publishing, 2021) (July 2, 2021).
\
142. \tab E. R. Ranzenhofer, E. R. Alexander, L. D. Beadle, A. Bernstein, R. C. Pickard, St. Louis encephalitis in Calvert City, Kentucky, 1955; an epidemiologic study. {\i{}Am J Hyg} {\b{}65}, 147\uc0\u8211{}161 (1957).
\
143. \tab A. Cogswell-Hawkinson, {\i{}et al.}, Tacaribe Virus Causes Fatal Infection of An Ostensible Reservoir Host, the Jamaican Fruit Bat. {\i{}Journal of Virology} {\b{}86}, 5791\uc0\u8211{}5799 (2012).
\
144. \tab M. Goldfield, O. Sussman, THE 1959 OUTBREAK OF EASTERN ENCEPHALITIS IN NEW JERSEY. 10.
\
145. \tab L. A. Selvey, {\i{}et al.}, The Changing Epidemiology of Murray Valley Encephalitis in Australia: The 2011 Outbreak and a Review of the Literature. {\i{}PLoS Negl Trop Dis} {\b{}8}, e2656 (2014).
\
146. \tab P. G. Jupp, The Ecology of West Nile Virus in South Africa and the Occurrence of Outbreaks in Humans. {\i{}Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences} {\b{}951}, 143\uc0\u8211{}152 (2006).
\
147. \tab X.-L. Tao, {\i{}et al.}, The effects of autophagy on the replication of Nelson Bay orthoreovirus. {\i{}Virol J} {\b{}16}, 90 (2019).
\
148. \tab J. O. Sol\uc0\u243{}rzano, {\i{}et al.}, The Epidemiology of Dengue in the Americas Over the Last Three Decades: A Worrisome Reality. {\i{}The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}82}, 128\uc0\u8211{}135 (2010).
\
149. \tab G. N., {\i{}et al.}, \uc0\u8220{}The Fatal Case of Lyssavirus Encephalitis in the Russian Far East\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Encephalitis}, S. Tkachev, Ed. (InTech, 2013) https:/doi.org/10.5772/52869 (May 22, 2021).
\
150. \tab B. F. Eldridge, C. Glaser, R. E. Pedrin, R. E. Chiles, The First Reported Case of California Encephalitis in More Than 50 Years. 2.
\
151. \tab J. S. Mackenzie, D. T. Williams, The Zoonotic Flaviviruses of Southern, South-Eastern and Eastern Asia, and Australasia: The Potential for Emergent Viruses. {\i{}Zoonoses and Public Health} {\b{}56}, 338\uc0\u8211{}356 (2009).
\
152. \tab N. Cook, The zoonotic potential of rotavirus. {\i{}Journal of Infection} {\b{}48}, 289\uc0\u8211{}302 (2004).
\
153. \tab J.-W. Song, L. J. Baek, C. S. Schmaljohn, R. Yanagihara, Thottapalayam Virus, a Prototype Shrewborne Hantavirus. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}13}, 980\uc0\u8211{}985 (2007).
\
154. \tab J.-W. Song, L. J. Baek, C. S. Schmaljohn, R. Yanagihara, Thottapalayam Virus, a Prototype Shrewborne Hantavirus. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}13}, 980\uc0\u8211{}985 (2007).
\
155. \tab J. S\uc0\u252{}ss, Tick-borne encephalitis in Europe and beyond \uc0\u8211{} the epidemiological situation as of 2007. {\i{}Eurosurveillance} {\b{}13} (2008).
\
156. \tab D. Ruzek, {\i{}et al.}, Tick-borne encephalitis in Europe and Russia: Review of pathogenesis, clinical features, therapy, and vaccines. {\i{}Antiviral Res} {\b{}164}, 23\uc0\u8211{}51 (2019).
\
157. \tab T. S. Gritsun, P. A. Nuttall, E. A. Gould, \uc0\u8220{}Tick-borne Flaviviruses\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Advances in Virus Research}, (Elsevier, 2003), pp. 317\uc0\u8211{}371.
\
158. \tab T. S. Gritsun, P. A. Nuttall, E. A. Gould, \uc0\u8220{}Tick-borne Flaviviruses\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}Advances in Virus Research}, (Elsevier, 2003), pp. 317\uc0\u8211{}371.
\
159. \tab J. L. Sarthou, {\i{}et al.}, Tonate virus infection in French Guiana: clinical aspects and seroepidemiologic study. {\i{}The American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene} {\b{}64}, 274\uc0\u8211{}279 (2001).
\
160. \tab B. Nikolay, {\i{}et al.}, Transmission of Nipah Virus \uc0\u8212{} 14 Years of Investigations in Bangladesh. {\i{}N Engl J Med} {\b{}380}, 1804\uc0\u8211{}1814 (2019).
\
161. \tab D. A. Enria, A. M. Briggiler, Z. S\uc0\u225{}nchez, Treatment of Argentine hemorrhagic fever. {\i{}Antiviral Research} {\b{}78}, 132\uc0\u8211{}139 (2008).
\
162. \tab H. Zelen\uc0\u225{}, J. Mr\uc0\u225{}zek, T. Kuhn, Tula Hantavirus Infection in Immunocompromised Host, Czech Republic. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}19} (2013).
\
163. \tab B. Knust, P. E. Rollin, Twenty-Year Summary of Surveillance for Human Hantavirus Infections, United States. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}19}, 1934\uc0\u8211{}1937 (2013).
\
164. \tab J. de Mucha-Macias, I. Sanchez-Spindola, Two Human Cases of Laboratory Infection with Mucambo Virus. {\i{}Am J Trop Med Hyg} {\b{}14}, 475\uc0\u8211{}478 (1965).
\
165. \tab G. W. A. Dick, A. J. Haddow, UGANDA S VIRUS A HITHERTO UNRECORDED VIRUS ISOLATEDFROM MOSQUITOES IN UGANDA.. (I). ISOLATION AND PATHOGENICITY. 19.
\
166. \tab L. A. Diaz, L. I. Spinsanti, W. R. Almiron, M. S. Contigiani, UNA virus: first report of human infection in Argentina. {\i{}Rev. Inst. Med. trop. S. Paulo} {\b{}45}, 109\uc0\u8211{}110 (2003).
\
167. \tab B. Crosby, M. E. Crespo, \uc0\u8220{}Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis\uc0\u8221{} in {\i{}StatPearls}, (StatPearls Publishing, 2021) (July 2, 2021).
\
168. \tab M. B. Pisano, {\i{}et al.}, Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis Viruses (VEEV) in Argentina: Serological Evidence of Human Infection. {\i{}PLoS Negl Trop Dis} {\b{}7}, e2551 (2013).
\
169. \tab R. Salas, {\i{}et al.}, Venezuelan haemorrhagic fever. {\i{}The Lancet} {\b{}338}, 1033\uc0\u8211{}1036 (1991).
\
170. \tab N. de Manzione, {\i{}et al.}, Venezuelan Hemorrhagic Fever: Clinical and Epidemiological Studies of 165 Cases. {\i{}CLIN INFECT DIS} {\b{}26}, 308\uc0\u8211{}313 (1998).
\
171. \tab K. O. Murray, D. Ruktanonchai, D. Hesalroad, E. Fonken, M. S. Nolan, West Nile Virus, Texas, USA, 2012. {\i{}Emerg. Infect. Dis.} {\b{}19} (2013).
\
172. \tab T. H. Tulchinsky, Western Encephalomyelitis in Manitoba, 1975: The Decision-Making Process. 6.
\
173. \tab D. Tompkins, R. Paterson, B. Massey, D. Gleeson, Whataroa virus four decades on: emerging, persisting, or fading out? {\i{}Journal of the Royal Society of New Zealand} {\b{}40}, 1\uc0\u8211{}9 (2010).
\
174. \tab WHO, WHO Report on Global Surveillance of Epidemic-prone Infectious Diseases. Chapter 2: Yellow Fever (2000).
\
175. \tab B. R. Bank-Wolf, M. K\uc0\u246{}nig, H.-J. Thiel, Zoonotic aspects of infections with noroviruses and sapoviruses. {\i{}Veterinary Microbiology} {\b{}140}, 204\uc0\u8211{}212 (2010).
\
176. \tab B. C. Bera, {\i{}et al.}, Zoonotic cases of camelpox infection in India. {\i{}Veterinary Microbiology} {\b{}152}, 29\uc0\u8211{}38 (2011).
\
177. \tab H. Weissenb\uc0\u246{}ck, Z. Hub\uc0\u225{}lek, T. Bakonyi, N. Nowotny, Zoonotic mosquito-borne flaviviruses: Worldwide presence of agents with proven pathogenicity and potential candidates of future emerging diseases. {\i{}Veterinary Microbiology} {\b{}140}, 271\uc0\u8211{}280 (2010).
\
178. \tab H. H. Niller, {\i{}et al.}, Zoonotic spillover infections with Borna disease virus 1 leading to fatal human encephalitis, 1999\uc0\u8211{}2019: an epidemiological investigation. {\i{}The Lancet Infectious Diseases} {\b{}20}, 467\uc0\u8211{}477 (2020).
\
179. \tab R. D\uc0\u243{}r\uc0\u243{}, S. L. Farkas, V. Martella, K. B\uc0\u225{}nyai, Zoonotic transmission of rotavirus: surveillance and control. {\i{}Expert Review of Anti-infective Therapy} {\b{}13}, 1337\uc0\u8211{}1350 (2015).
\
}